now these are the records of Aaron and
Moses when the Lord spoke with Moses on
Mount Sinai and these are the names of
the sons of Aaron Naida the firstborn
and a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar
these are the names of the sons of Aaron
the anointed priests whom he consecrated
to minister as priests native and a by
hew had died before the Lord when they
offered profane fire before the Lord in
the wilderness of Sinai and they had no
children so Eleazar and Ithamar
ministered as priests in the presence of
air and their father and the Lord spoke
to Moses bring the tribe of Levi near
and present them before Aaron the priest
that they may serve Him and they shall
attend to his needs and the needs of the
whole congregation before the tabernacle
of meeting to do the work of the
tabernacle also they shall attend to all
the furnishings of the tabernacle of
meeting and to the needs of the children
of Israel to do the work of the
tabernacle and you shall give the
Levites to Aaron and his sons they are
given entirely to him from among the
children of Israel so you shall appoint
Aaron and his sons and they shall attend
to their priesthood but the outsider who
comes near shall be put to death now
behold
I myself have taken the Levites from
among the children of Israel instead of
every firstborn who opens the womb among
the children of Israel therefore the
Levites shall be mine because all the
firstborn are mine
on the day that I struck all the
firstborn in the land of Egypt I
sanctified to myself all the firstborn
in Israel both man and beast they shall
be mine I am the Lord when the Lord
spoke to Moses in the wilderness of
Sinai number the children of Levi by
their fathers houses by their families
usual number every male from a month old
and above so Moses numbered them
according to the word of the Lord as he
was commanded
these were the sons of Levi by their
names
Gershon Kohath and Merari and these are
the names of the sons of Gershon by
their families Lily and shamea and the
sons of Kohath by their families
Amram eyes aha Hebron and Ezio and the
sons of Merari by their families malai
and Miu shy these are the families of
the Levites by their fathers houses from
Gershon came the family of the Lib
Knights and the family of the shemites
these were the families of the
gershonites those who were numbered
according to the number of all the
male's from a month old and above of
those who were numbered there were seven
thousand five hundred the families of
the gershonites were to camp behind the
tabernacle westward and the leader of a
father's house of the gershonites was
elias f the son of laila the duties of
the children of Gershon in the
tabernacle of meeting included the
tabernacle the tent with its covering
the screen for the door of the
tabernacle of meeting the screen for the
door of the court the hangings of the
court which are around the tabernacle
and the altar and their cords according
to all the work relating to them from
Kohath came the family of the Amma mites
the family of the Izza Heights the
family of the Hebrew Knights and the
family of the Azeri lights these were
the families of the kohathites according
to the number of all the males from a
month old and above there were eight
thousand six hundred keeping charge of
the sanctuary
the families of the children of Kohath
were to camp on the south side of the
tabernacle and the leader of the
father's house of the families of the
kohathites was ELISA fan the son of a
zeal their duty included the ark the
table the lampstand the altars the
utensils of the sanctuary with which
they ministered the screen and all the
work relating to them and Eleazar the
son of Aaron the priest was to be chief
over the leaders of the Levites with
oversight of those who kept charge of
the sanctuary from me Ray Ray came the
family of the my lights and the family
of the mutes these were the families of
my Ray Ray and those who were numbered
according to the number of all the males
from a month old and above were 6,200
the leader of a father's house of HuR
families of Maury Wray was zhu li l the
son of a bao
these were to camp on the north side of
the tabernacle and the appointed duty of
the children of maria i included the
boards of the tabernacle its bars its
pillars its sockets its utensils all the
work relating to them and the pillars of
a court all around with their sockets
their pegs and their cause moreover
those who were to camp before the
tabernacle on the east before the
tabernacle of meeting were Moses Aaron
and his sons keeping charge of the
sanctuary to meet the needs of the
children of Israel but the outsider who
came near was to be put to death all who
were numbered of the Levites whom Moses
and Aaron numbered at the commandment of
the Lord by their families all the males
from a month old and above were 22,000
then the Lord said to Moses number all
the firstborn males of the children of
Israel from a month old and above and
take the number of their names and you
shall take the Levites for me I am the
Lord instead of all the firstborn among
the children of Israel and the livestock
of the Levites instead of all the first
formed among the livestock of the
children of Israel
so Moses numbered all the firstborn
among the children of Israel as the LORD
commanded him and all the firstborn
males according to the number of names
from a month old and above of those who
are numbered of them were twenty two
thousand two hundred and seventy three
then the Lord spoke to Moses take the
Levites instead of all the firstborn
among the children of Israel and the
livestock of the Levites instead of
their livestock the Levites shall be
mine I am the Lord and for the
redemption of the two hundred and
seventy three of the firstborn of the
children of Israel who are more than the
number of the Levites you shall take
five shekels for each one individually
you shall take them in the currency of
the shekel of the sanctuary the shekel
of twenty garras and you shall give the
money with which the excess number of
them is redeemed to Aaron and his sons
so Moses took the redemption money from
those who were over and above those who
were redeemed by the Levites from the
firstborn of the children of Israel he
took the money one thousand three
hundred and sixty-five shekels
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
and Moses gave their Redemption money to
Aaron and his sons according to the word
of the Lord as the LORD commanded Moses